# PMT driver
-------------

The PMT driver is a complete system for operating and pulse height triggering on up to four photomultiplier tubes. 
It will output high-precision (200ps jitter typ.) trigger pulses from each channel as LVDS signals on cat5 ethernet cable.
Low-precision trigger pulses are combined with programmable logic so that channels can be set up in coincidence, veto, or any other 
configuration as required for the specific experimental setup.


Specifications and capabilities:
- Input voltage: 18V-36V, recommended 24V.
- Power consumption: TBD
- Screw terminals for powering and controlling gain of four PMTs (designed for Hamamatsu H10425 series)
- Four LEMO input channels. Per channel:
  - 5.95mV/1µA amplifier (75.5dB). Operational range: 1MHz - 300MHz.
  - Pulse height discriminator (200ps jitter typ.) with adjustable discriminator level and pulse length output.
  - Discriminated pulse output as LVDS over RJ45 connector for standard cat5 ethernet cables. Pulses from each of the four channels are time-matched to +-10ps.
- TTL-level version of the discriminated pulses pass through optional delay lines.
- Discriminated pulses are combined with programmable logic, so that nearly any required experimental configuration can be implemented. 
- Final pulse is output over LVDS and TTL, with adjustable length.

## Programmable logic
There are four input channels on the PMT driver, designated CH0 to Ch3. CH0 and CH1 are designed as Pair A. CH2 and CH3 are designated as Pair B. 
The TTL pulses that are generated by each discriminator are combined in a block of programmable logic, where the configuration is set by DIP-switches. There are 
three blocks of DIP-switches. The signals of Pair A are combined in block 1. The signals of Pair B are combined in block 2. 
These two signals are then combined to one in block 3. This is the final output. 

The DIP switches works as lookup tables, and their configuration determine what the output of the block will be based on the logic state of the two input channels. 
Each block can therefore be set up to be any logic gate, such as AND, OR, NOR, XOR, NAND, etc, and also other non-standard logic gates.


